Crypto (#687)
Gp2mv3/Syntheses: src/q7/crypto-MAT2450/exercises/tp/tp_not_from_this_year.tex

> % These solutions comes from the year 2014-2015 and does not have written statements

Reviewer: ```suggestion
% These solutions come from the year 2014-2015 and do not have written statements
```
